<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                template="./template/defaultTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

    <ui:define name="header">
        <h1>Welcome to Ice Cream Shack</h1>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="footer">
        
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="content">
        
        
        <style>
/*            .ui-tabs-nav {
		font-size:10pt;
		font-variant: small-caps;
            }*/
        </style>
        
        <p:tabView>
            <p:tab title="User Guide">
                <p>
                    Hi, there! This is a test version of the system, if anything is not working properly please inform me and forgive me for my mistakes. Due to the time constrain, the user interface is not very nice, but I believe it is acceptable and I will improve it alone the way. 
                </p>
                <p>
                    1. Registration is under menu -> General -> Regisration<br/>
                    2. All people need a verification code from the "Admin" account, and Admin can get the verification code from menu -> Admin -> Employees<br/>
                    3. Only Admin account can access the menu -> Admin pages, account status can be changed.<br/>
                    4. Please take note that the duration for task is mannually fill in since the there might be lunch hour in between.<br/> 
                    5. All tasks/schedules can be swaped with other employees, but it needs approval from both the person and admin approval.<br/>
                    6. I am still working on the other functions, e.g. ordering, reports of employees, reports of food sold in days/months. <br/>
                </p>                

            </p:tab>
            <p:tab title="Authur's contact">                
                <p>
                    Zhixuan Zhang<br/>
                    Contact number: 82987763<br/>
                    Email: zzhang@u.nus.edu
                </p>
                <p>
                    Good Day!
                </p>

            </p:tab>
        </p:tabView>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
